{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs40 \cf0 ### The adventure\
\
Here follows what actually happened. If campaign diaries bore you, feel free to hop over to the shop and pick up your own copy of Out Of The Box.  One thing that always amazes me with this game is things go in the game often go much better than I ever imagine they would.\
\
\
The players awake in this beautiful art gallery.  They managed to look a the portrait and did utter the magic words All Hail King Torg.  The eyebrow in the portrait amused them.  They looked at a couple of paintings, and then started stealing stuff.  In a beautiful knock-down and charge from the newly animated horse, the sorcerer was about to get clobbered in the face by golden hooves.  Perfect segue to the next scene.\
\
A verdant glade with a giant glowing tree, and three polymorphed goblins (rat, eagle, and elephant). The party let out an audible _squee_ when I said they saw an elephant.  One of the party got polymorphed into an elephant (reverting a goblin to normal form). The Druid wildshaped into an elephant because why not, and between the two of them, they kept the goblin from escaping.  The barbarian was transformed into an Eagle, and went to hang out on a branch (everyone barely hearing the polymorphed eagle-goblin screaming has he plummeted to the ground).  The party was really enjoying being elephants, while the monk got to the wand of polymorph, ending the scene.\
\
As they reformed on the top of the cliff, with the mist.  The barbarian climbed down. Upon seeing the misty armies fighting, the barbarian (of course) wants to hit one.  I wasn't expecting her to do this, and turned out to be absolutely amazing.  As the DM, I wasn't sure exactly what to do.  Maybe it takes her *into* the war. So from her point of view, she was in the middle of an actual battle. That's one happy barbarian player.\
One of the players started drawing stick figures on the map.  So we started copy-pasting them into a full army. (plus a cat. One of the players loves pasting a tiny cat into Roll20 maps)\
From the point of the view of the rest of her party, she turned to mist and could see her shape interacting with other ones.  From her point of view, it was was a real battle.  Then the party started to cast spells (oh great, now what am I going to do), like a moonbeam.  Why not have the spells actually affect the battle?  So the moonbeam made misty figures go _poof_, but from the barbarian's point of view, they exploded in a gruesome manner.\
As this was going on, another player was crawling on the statues. "The main statue looks kind of familiar. Like the portrait in the gallery".  All Hail King Torg!  And that was the cue for he statue to start talking.  "We are here to commerate a great battle, where we stopped fighting each other, instead fought a demon that fell in our midst"\
At the same time, the barbarian was heading towards a king on horseback, and a player cast a fireball.  "I was nearly killed, my face half-burned off by flame.  The demon kept coming until it was felled by many rounds of arrows and my brave knights."  Fade out on the barbarian having the time of her life in battle.\
\
After this, we had time for one more encounter, so decided to wrap up with Pay to Play.  I had fun playing up a heavy implication of "hey, this is a beholder", until the reveal of a big sphere wearing a jester's cap.  The party loves messing around with stuff, so they eventually put in a coin and let the device zap them.\
\
The original encounter has stat-block modifications, but since this was a true one-shot, I had the player roll percentile dice and looked the effects up on the wild magic table.  Levitation!  One player had a ball levitating around.  Another got a teleportation power.  Fun!  The third summoned 1d6 flumphs.  Four showed up.  The party fell in love with the flumphs, experimenting with the emotional-mood-colors. "They're so cute!!"\
\
Then the group peer-pressured a reticent player into playing. "it'll be fun! look! We got Flumphs!".  They put in the coin, and rolled a 07.  I didn't want to be the one to tell the party what happened. Luckily there was a wild-magic sorcerer.  "Hey Wild Magic Sorcerer. Can you look on your wild magic table and tell me what a seven is?"\
Page flipping ensued, then, "fireball. Cast at 3rd level".  The poor flumphs!  It was a satisfying ending, everyone perishing at the same time. Sometimes the dice do conspire in my favor.\
}