# Assault of the Iron Monarch

War machine.  Undead folks

Yansha Captain of the Guard
  - lived in the Castle-Lantern her whole life
  - Captain of the guard for five years
  - Wanted a military career, but was needed closer to home.

She's and her crew keeping them in check - street chokepoints.

The machine sits in the center of the graveyard. Two soldiers with
heavy shields patrol the vehicle's entrance. A few crypts offer hiding
places on the way to the machine, but the area immediately around it
is clear.

This massive iron and steel machine is divided into two discrete
sections. The forward 30 ft. are dedicated to a rotating drill whose
teeth are noticeably worn. The back portion consists of a 50-ft. tube
with three large attached treads spread equidistant around the
tube. Two outlines suggesting doors are set into the body of the
machine. The very back of the vehicle is a smoldering engineâ€”what
magic fuels this impressive wonder of metal?

This dark and cramped metal hall smells of oil and earth. A grating
sound rises. There, at the threshold between the forward cockpit and
the main chamber, a hulking metal monster. Its head is bathed in
enscorcelling crimson light.

the machine itself AC of 18 and 175 hp

Creatures who come into contact with the drill while it is operating
(shoved, falling, and so on) must make a DC 13 Dexterity save, taking
40 slashing damage on a failed save or half as much on a successful
one.

It radiates enchantment magic. A DC 16 Intelligence (Arcana) check
reveals that the magic is fading and that the machine's ability to
continue travelling is compromised.

Large explosive traps are sunk into the ground and are triggered by
creatures moving overtop of them. Spotting the traps requires a DC 15
Wisdom (Perception) check. Dismantling a device requires an action and
a DC 14 Dexterity (Sleight of Hand) check.

Creatures within a 10-ft. radius of a device when it is explodes must
succeed a DC 14 Dexterity save or take 14 (4d6) fire damage; a
successful save results in half damage.

