# Johnn Four Notes

* Campaign Logger: https://campaign-logger.com/#/logs
* Campaign Logger cheatsheet: https://cheatography.com/johnnfour/cheat-sheets/campaign-logger/
* Adventure Building Master Game Plan:
* Adventure Building Workshop: https://campaign-community.com/index.php?resources/categories/adventure-building-workshop.5/
* vNext: https://preview.campaign-logger.com
* logs https://preview.campaign-logger.com/logs
* vNext Bug report thread: https://campaign-community.com/index.php?threads/preview-campaign-logger-vnext-beta-access.681/

Next notes

* Would be nice to be able to hide the @^#$ and the title - I don't need
  those logging on desktop, and it consumes screen real-estate which
  is at a premium (between character sheets, Zoom windows, my source notes,
  campaign logger...)

* Should we be able to @ with just numbers?  Like if we have a player with
  a robot named 42?

* What is the green bar graph in the Campaings menubar?

* I find the tags to be much less useful than in original campaign logger
  - The saturated orange color interacts badly with my glasses (chromatic
  aberation) making it really fatiguing to read - an accessibility issue.
  - The numbers are black on a white background - so they're higher contrast
  than white on an orange background, so my eye is drawn to those rather
  than the words. So scanning through things, It's "5 1 15, oh wait @blah
  @blah 10, 15, 30", I have to work harder to not read the numbers.
  - Also, it's a mass of random-sized blocks, making it hard to find
  what I want - I have to scan through a lot of stuff, where with the old style
  broken down by letter. Essentilly now it's a one-dimensional list, like
  words on a page. But words on a page are hard to randomly access - you have
  to scan through them linerarly.  If you scan through them veritically,
  you constantly have to figure out "ok, I see a @k, and I'm looking for
  @orangeDude, that's not it, next line is still @k, next line is @m. Ok
  I can skip a couple of lines. Oops there's @p, I went too far".  It is
  far easier for me to scan down "A, B, page a bit, there it is"
  
* Along those lines, I'd love to be able to change the orange

----------

* It'd be nice to be able ot upload the campaign image.
* It'd be nice to be able to use markdown in the campaign description
* Renaming / downloading / deleting hae a lot of prominance in the UI.
  Personally I'd hide those maybe under a `V` dropdown or something.
* the animation time for the siding-out-from-the-side views is kind of
  slow.  I find myself getting a flash of frustration as I wait for it to
  open.
X It'd be nice if completion preserved case
X It'd be nice if we could shrink the text window to be smaller.  If
  you're primarily logging one or two liners, that's 8 unused lines.
* "Create/Manage Gener..." is cut off.
* On the generator, when clicking a reload button, the button has a
  focus rectangle.  I don't thnk it should stick arond unless the user
  has traversal accessibility set up.
* Same with the Generator ouroboros arrows. I click to reload, an the
  button has a highlight rectangle.  Not sure what I'm supposed to do
  with it now.  Like if I click the share button, it doesn't have
  the keyboard traversal outline.

X I *love* how vNext handles markdown.  The raw editor plus rich preview
  is awesome. When they're mixed (like the default Slack text field), it
  turns into a confusing cluster-F if you try to do anything

* Needed to ouroboros arrow when removing the last tag (changed
  "bucket" to "BucketList"

* The settings link (welcome a@b.com!) isn't obvious.  Setting the colors
  is pretty broken in Safari - can't pick from the color chooser, and clicking
  shows the random cards moving around in arbitrary order.
* even setting "animation settings" to none, the "add a new campaign" thing
  still animates in slowly.
* This is an obscure one - on Mac, can use emacs keys to move around. If
  the completion thing is up, can navigate around using those and it doesn't
  dismiss the completion dealie.
X If the log window is narrow, the tag menu is unusable - mouse motion
  dismisses the menu.
X Color cards moving around underneath while editing
* The generators sidebar (which is default collapsed), takes up a lot of
  horizontal space.  Maybe let us use that space if the generators aren't
  open?
 

----------

Generators

- Ikea name generator?
- it's fairly complex - https://github.com/evesala
- https://github.com/open-campaign-logger/generator-library/blob/evesala/GeneratorGuide.md

----------

* Random dungen generator - http://meta-studios.com/dg/dungen.html
  (cool mindmap UI)
* So, Mindmaps as a tool...

* https://theangrygm.com/how-to-build-awesome-encounters

----------

### Three-Line NPCs

"3 Line NPCs" book.

* tip 1 : is to introduce at least one NPC every session. But don't do too many
* tip 2 : whack an NPC every session. Best if repercussions from PC actions a
         couple of sessions before.  Plan it
* tip 3 : three stages of NPC roleplaying. NPCs who take believable and interesting
          actions make great plots
  - Stage 1 - Think like the NPC. Describe actions in 3rd person.
     Don't pressure into RP or
     portraying it.
        - what does the NPC do. How do they react
        - what motivates or drives the NPC
        - How does the NPC perceive the PCs?
     "If you were the NPC, who are you. Why do you want what you want.  How would
      you react to what's happenign right now in the game?"

  - Stage 2 - Portray the NPC - show, don't tell.
    c.f. https://s3.amazonaws.com/RPT-eBooks/7-ways-to-improve-GM.pdf
        (broken)
        



